c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\BusReminder.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\BusReminder.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\BusReminder.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusReminder.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusReminder.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusLineChoose.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusLineChoose.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusLineChoose.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MapView.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MapView.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\ReminderPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\ReminderPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\StationChoose.g.i.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\StationChoose.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\MapView.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\ReminderPage.xaml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\StationChoose.xaml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\Com.AMap.Maps.Api.winmd
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\NotificationsExtensions.winmd
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\NotificationsExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\NotificationsExtensions.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\bin\Debug\NotificationsExtensions.pri
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\BusReminder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\PrivacyPolicy.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\PrivacyPolicy.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BusReminder\BusReminder\obj\Debug\PrivacyPolicy.xaml
